feat(Insights): Insights to dashboards EA (#16693)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/product/dashboards/sentry-dashboards/backend/caches.mdx

---
title: "Caches"
sidebar_order: 70
description: "Learn more about cache monitoring with Sentry and how it can help improve your application's performance."
---

> A cache can be used to speed up data retrieval, thereby improving application performance. A cache stores data temporarily to speed up subsequent access to that data. This allows your application to get data from cached memory (if it is available) instead having to download that data again or retrieving it from a potentially slow data layer. Caching can speed up read-heavy workloads for applications like Q&A portals, gaming, media sharing, and social networking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Caches can improve application performance by storing frequently-accessed data so it can be retrieved more quickly rather than repeatedly fetching it from slower data sources. This is especially beneficial for read-heavy apps like Q&A platforms, gaming, media sharing, and social networks.
```
